Q1: Scopes/Closures
    a. foo() sets x to 2 and returns a function that logs x. foo()() calls this returned function and prints 2.
       console.log(x) logs the current value of x, which is 2. The output is 2 2.
    
    b. items array is initialized to [1, 2, 3] and result to an empty array. 
       A loop runs three times, pushing a function into result each time.
       Each pushed function returns items[i] where i is 3 after the loop.
       result.map((x) => x()) calls each function in result.
       Since the value of i is 3 after for loop because we initialized i with var, items[3] is undefined, so the output is [undefined, undefined, undefined].

    c. Using let i in the loop gives each iteration its own block-scoped i.
       Each function pushed to result will have the value of i in that iteration.
       When result.map((x) => x()) is executed, each function returns items[i] corresponding to the value of i in that iteration.
       Therefore, the output is [1, 2, 3].

    d.In the for loop, the function is immediately invoked with the current value of i as argument.
      Each function in result returns items[x] where x is the captured value of i.
      result.map((x) => x()) calls each function in result.
      The output is [1, 2, 3].

Q2: Async programming 
    a. resolveAfter2Seconds() is called, logging "starting slow promise" and starting a 2-second timer.
       resolveAfter1Second() is called, logging "starting fast promise" and starting a 1-second timer.
       console.log('done!') is executed immediately, logging "done!".
       After 1 second, the fast promise resolves, logging "fast promise is done".
       After 2 seconds, the slow promise resolves, logging "slow promise is done".
       The output is: "starting slow promise", "starting fast promise", "done!", "fast promise is done", "slow promise is done".

    b. resolveAfter1Second() is called, logging "starting fast promise" and starting a 1-second timer.
       resolveAfter2Seconds() is called, logging "starting slow promise" and starting a 2-second timer.
       console.log('done!') is executed immediately, logging "done!".
       After 1 second, the fast promise resolves, logging "fast promise is done".
       After 2 seconds, the slow promise resolves, logging "slow promise is done".
       The output is: "starting fast promise", "starting slow promise", "done!", "fast promise is done", "slow promise is done"

    c. The program awaits resolveAfter2Seconds(), logging "starting slow promise" and pausing until the promise resolves with "slow".
       After 2 seconds, it logs "slow promise is done" and resolves.
       It then proceeds to call resolveAfter1Second(), logging "starting fast promise" and setting a timer.
       It logs "done!" immediately.
       After 1 second, it logs "fast promise is done" and resolves with "fast".